so this is the eye on air pro 3 and it's
the latest generation of action sports
camera brought to you from the team at
i/o it maintains all of the original DNA
that we've come to know and love from an
eye on action camera the air pro 3 has
some advancements that really sets this
apart from the rest let's start with the
insights first and foremost the sensor
is now a backlit CMOS sony sensor which
is brilliant because you're now but a 12
megapixel digital stills and with a
fixed f 2.8 aperture in low light
indoors the air pro 3 is brilliant and
on a day like today when you're outside
shooting the richness and the vibrancy
the colors that you get just really are
outstanding having a look at the barrel
itself we've got a one-piece a hella
mininum barrel that is diamond-cut which
not only gives you you know elegance and
style unlike anything else on the market
but it gives you durability continue
without durability when we flip it
upside down you look under here the
camera lock system remains but now when
you mount the camera lock system to the
air pro 3 you've got a metal screw
threaded tripod barrel so you can mount
this the most harshest of environments
and the air pro 3 is going to stay stuck
solid just turning it around again when
we look at the whole thing you'll notice
there's no outer casing the air pro 3 is
now waterproof to almost 250 feet or 15
metres now that's just fantastic because
from an ease of use point of view you
can take the straight out of the box and
go snorkeling scuba diving surfing
wakeboarding whatever you want to do
like this but of course the other
advantage today is with no outer casing
with eliminated almost any opportunity
for the lens at the end to fog are
talking about the lens as well the lens
now is a custom-built hardened glass
lens and our technical guys and athletes
have got together and work to realize
the optimum field of view for a POV
camera at 160 degrees and that's exactly
what this one has coming back to the
inside as well you've probably seen lots
of videos on the internet which you
super slo-mo to freeze the action almost
and make the sports look amazing well
you can do that now at the air pro he's
on the inside here you can do 1080p at
60 frames a second and 720p that are
really impressive 120 frames per second
so there is the new iron air pro 3
lots of original features from the ion
family but loads of advancements as well
[Music]